stop using term executable vector (#516)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/tables.adoc

 on _reading_ if the misa.C value has changed since the value was written as this
 can cause the read value of bit [1] to change state.

.CLEN-wide CSRs storing code pointers or data pointers
[#CSR_exevectors]
[width="100%",options=header,cols="1,1,1,1"]
|==============================================================================
include::generated/csr_exevectors_table_body.adoc[]
|==============================================================================

Some CSRs store code pointers or data pointers as shown in xref:CSR_exevectors[xrefstyle=short].

> These CSRs are WARL do not need to store the full width address on RV64, and so need not be capable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are WARL CSRs that do not need to store full 64-bit addresses on RV64, and so need not be capable
```

> of holding all possible invalid addresses. Prior to writing they allow conversion from an invalid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of holding all possible invalid addresses. Prior to writing an invalid address to these CSRs,
```

> address into another invalid address which the CSR is capable of holding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the address must be converted to another invalid address that the CSR is capable of holding.
```

> CSRs that store fewer address bits are subject to the invalid address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSRs that store fewer address bits are also subject to the invalid address
```
